I just all day off shit he's doing it
again we're up to ten minutes already
here so here I got an idea well targeted
was this one guy
okay ready all right Alfie air and we're
going to have to say on equip move that
yeah good he's got nothing quick okay
well we're gonna do first well actually
we have another material to bash instead
okay no no no no you idiot take him out
put her in over the ruby ring but first
actually first we're going to try ok
we're going to turn a game that's awful
we get back in the thing all right now
not not hold again it's just Hernandez
okay don't do anything you know we're
gonna we're going to face you just stand
right there and we're gonna
I don't even know what kind of magic
space is you know if I they agree
Oh does anybody even have it all she
could use it on herself she's got it
must not be a green magic I thought it
was a white man they're absolutely good
aw what the heck do I that stupid here
we tell me nobody here has faith
I gotta look this up is isn't it a white
magic I thought they were both like hang
on a second this is how stupid I am I
mean literally it is okay let's just go
up here to find out it is there we go
Dora is aren't they on the same thing
yeah they're green magic okay and don't
done one of them know it friend knows it
okay well I must not be looking over the
list dryer something
it's not showing up there da it's right
there another idea what are you doing
and I'll she bring it back I thought our
trigger gambits off well nevermind okay
shit she just got hit by my thunder she
got herself faced though so let's just
go with that and they got worked she's a
pretty good wizard anyway so see if we
can tell which one is hers I don't know
I can a lot well we're so close to
defeat him in please fuck mailman just
go ahead and use up another freakin
megamix or what
now get back
you got the three girls in here now I
set them up to be the mages far away
here we go again
now the ash must be the one doing the
6000 7000
I should have probably checking are more
too because even put some armor they
increase your management our
optimizer now or no by golly I sure
didn't intend for this to take this long
we have to add more crap out of this
video
good thing I didn't video my walk to the
area oh yeah I never even showed you
where he is in case you don't know okay
we're going to move this part back to
the beginning of the video if you're
looking for Fafnir this is where he is
right here that little area right there
you come in through this way basically
the quickest way is to grab a chocobo go
straight down the right side hang a left
here or hang a bride so to speak go
around that area and just come right
into it but you have to have a blizzard
for the weather otherwise it doesn't
work here you go then and now back to
the scene of the crime all of this
defense is increasing from low HP it's
not get affected by man I'll tell you
should be able see if I now there you
know Maria the liability
that's my last hunt right there so got
all the other ones doing
what we're going to do next all right
now I gotta fix these gambit holy cow
should have probably could golden amulet
Seleka get double the MP for that don't
well p oh well okay bye